Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
A long time ago...
Hyah! Hyah! Hyah!
Hyah! Hyah!
Egypt. A land of mystery.
intrigue and rich history.
Today I. the world-renowned
archeologist.
Lord Sylvester Carnaby.
present to you...
Hold on.
-Mummy. I'm--
- Sylvester!
-I can't talk.
- Where have you been?
I haven't heard
a peep from you.
Listen. I can't talk right now.
I have a date with--
A date? Oh. my God.
-No. a date with history!
- At last!
I bet she's pretty.
Oh. I'm losing you--
Oh. terrible signal...
On the other side
of this door.
lies the tomb
of Princess Nefer.
No. it can't be.
Wow!
"Wow"?
It's empty!
The Mummy isn't here.
-Let me see!
-No!
-Get back.
-I got next!
-You're always like this.
-No. you!
You and your grasping arms...
-What's this? Look.
-Stop it!
-Look at this.
-Ha-hah!
Oh! Lord Carnaby.
It seems to speak of...
-Hello?
-A bridge...
From the world of the living
to the afterlife.
A doorway of sorts to...
a city!
A city where the mummies reside
in the afterlife.
A world of mummies...
under the earth.
What...
You two. Get the equipment.
Oh!
I've found something!
Huh?
MUMMIES
THUT SIGNING SESSION
With love...
Thut the Charioteer.
Can I?
Why did you stop racing?
You're so young.
Oh. you know. I just want
to give others a chance to win.
Why haven't you found
that special girl
to settle down with? Hmm?
Well. marriage is forever
and us mummies live forever.
so I think... not for me.
-You rock!
-Whoo-hoo!
-Hey. Thut!
-We love you. Thut!
What you doing. little brother?
Thut's big return!
You saw all the fans you
still have at the papyrus shop.
No! I can't.
Yes. you can. You're the champ!
I was the champ. Not anymore.
I can't go back.
Just go home. Sekhem.
I'll get us some food.
Oh! There you go. my friend.
-See you next week.
-Yeah. see you next week.
Huh?
-Stop. madam!
-Oh!
Oh!
Oh. you're very kind.
My basket!
No worries! I got it.
Don't you know to look first.
before crossing the street?
Don't you see people crossing?
You had to stop! I was first.
I was the one crossing first!
You had to stop.
Next time. look first!
Hyah!
Mm?
Here we are.
Don't forget your basket.
Oh. thank you very much.
Always. always the same.
♪ This city's nice
But it's underground ♪
♪ I've lost the music
In all this sound ♪
♪ Day after day
With no hint of a change ♪
♪ The monotony's
Wearing me down ♪
♪ Thousands of years
Of the same old song ♪
♪ And they expect me
To sing along ♪
♪ I'm eager to hear
Any new melody ♪
♪ Could a good dancing rhythm
Be wrong ♪
♪ So I will rise
Beyond this tomb ♪
♪ Where I can shine
And be made new ♪
♪ Where I can thrive
Under the sun ♪
♪ A place to call my home ♪
♪ Open my eyes
Singing my song ♪
♪ Staying awake
But dreaming on ♪
♪ Living a life
that is my own ♪
♪ A thousand years from now ♪
Ahem!
Oh. um...
I... I needed some fresh air.
Oh. Ra be merciful!
Usi. this place hasn't changed
in thousands of years.
We need change.
What would your father
say if he hears you singing?
You will soon be named
the official successor
of the Pharaoh.
Singing is for entertainers.
not for the rulers
of our world.
-Shh! You can't tell him!
-Mm...
All right.
Oh. thank you. thank you.
thank you!
Suspicious of what?
Dad! Of. um... Well. uh...
Her new suitor.
My... new suitor?
Mm. Did you forget?
Um...
Today. my daughter.
the Phoenix Bird.
guided by Hathor.
the Goddess of Love.
will choose
your future husband.
That was not in my schedule.
Where is my schedule. please?
Dad! Sorry. sorry. I mean.
Great Pharaoh.
I need at least
a hundred more years
before I get engaged!
What if--
What if I don't like him?
What if we don't get along?
What if--
You know what?
I don't want to get married!
It isn't just any bird!
It's a Phoenix Bird.
Sent by the Goddess
of Love herself!
Dad. come on.
The two thousands
are the new one thousands.
So. I'm still pretty young.
I have other priorities
in my life.
Priorities?
Being a princess.
that is your duty!
And that includes marriage.
I know you are nervous.
but you will see.
the Goddess has
someone handsome
and exciting in mind for you.
The Goddess Hathor
shall guide
the majestic Phoenix
through our kingdom.
Let us open the Stargate
for the Phoenix!
Aww!
Oh! Uh...
Sorry. Wrong recipe.
Now. glorious Phoenix!
Take flight!
We await your destiny.
-Watch out!
-Hey!
The Great Sekhem.
the undefeated boomer...
Uh...
Boomerang. uh...
boomerang guy!
Mm...
Huh?
Oh. false alarm.
Oh. no.
-The Phoenix bird has chosen!
-Are you sure?
It swooped down
towards a house.
Ow!
Huh!
Hmm...
Sorry. signing was
from five to seven.
Do you... Do you know who I am?
Hello? Hello?
Am I talking to myself here?
Could you please put me down?
What is it the--
but could somebody
please tell me--
Rise. young man.
I know you.
Ex-charioteer. Your Majesty.
An ex-charioteer?
I have to marry a guy
whose only talent
is riding around in a circle?
Young Thut.
Thanks. Cheers. Thank you.
In seven days. you shall
wed the Princess Nefer!
Wed?
Hold on. As in marry?
We've never even met.
The crazy driver!
Sorry. This is crazy.
Marry the princess?
This is a lot.
I mean. so many things
to consider.
Like. are we compatible?
And that I'm allergic
to marriage.
Diagnosed. in fact.
Ah-choo! Ah-choo!
He's right. Dad. he's right!
Sorry. I mean. um.
Great Pharaoh.
If you go against
the Goddess' wishes.
they will cut out your tongue
and pluck out your eyes.
Both eyes?
Oh. who doesn't love marriage?
Nefer. I love you. I love you.
I love you. I love you!
Where were we
honeymooning again?
Could you do the pluck out
of the eyes to me
so that I don't
have to see this?
Enough!
It is now your duty
to safeguard this ring
until the day of the wedding.
If anything happens to it...
Eyes and tongue
punishment thing.
Destiny has been written.
Let us leave
the bride and groom
to get to know each other.
What did you say
your name was?
Uh. Thut the Charioteer.
Whatever. Let's just get
something straight. okay?
Don't go getting
emotionally involved because--
Hey. stop. Princess.
Honestly. you're not my type.
Oh. what a relief.
Because I wouldn't
go out with you
if you were the last mummy
on earth.
So thanks for saving me
the trouble.
Well. you make an eternity
feel like... uh. an eternity.
Why am I even wasting my time
talking to you?
The woman who needs
a deranged pigeon
to find her a husband.
Oh. it is not a pigeon.
It's a Phoenix bird!
Sent by the Goddess
of Love herself!
Oh. You... you smile.
there has been some kind
of mistake. Oh!
Mm.
He... can be.
Look. why don't you
just back out?
They'd only scoop out your eyes
and cut out your tongue.
and then you'd talk less!
So. win-win.
Ah. this is getting dark.
Oh. you're right! Usi!
Y-yes?
Operator. it should be
night time.
Eh?
Quickly. quickly!
Night!
Shooting star. please.
I think I could
get used to this.
Well. you won't have to. So...
Thanks for coming by. though.
A shame you have to go.
So. I'll...
see you at the wedding?
Oh. I can't wait.
Uh. well. neither can I.
Oh. yeah? Well. I really
can't wait to marry you.
I'm just so excited
to marry a charioteer!
Oh. yeah?
Well. I can't wait
to marry you
and love you forever
and cherish you
for all eternity!
-Fine!
The shooting star
was a bit much.
don't you think?
Oh. he seemed nice.
Nice? Please...
Mm.
Well? What did they want?
I was afraid
they were going
to execute you.
No. It's worse than that.
They want me to get married.
Married? You?
I would lose
all my freedom.
I'm pro-single!
How can I be pro-single
and married at the same time?
It's impossible!
Listen. brother.
Let's keep
the Thut myth alive.
Not even the princess.
Wait.
Did you say "the princess"?
That's awesome!
We're gonna be rich!
Like. forever!
And live in the palace!
Princess or not.
I don't want to get married.
No matter how many people
might clean for me.
Whoa. is that the wedding ring?
It's huge!
-Here. let me have it.
-No.
-It's heavy!
-Yeah. like a ball and chain.
Sekhem. do you take
this Croc
to be your
lawfully wedded crocodile?
Would you give that back?
My life depends on this ring.
I'm not even gonna keep it
at home.
This ring is going where
nobody else can get to it.
Wow! Your trophies!
Don't touch anything.
Understood?
It will be safe here.
Okay. let's go.
Would you look at that?
It is full
of wonderful things!
-Um. is it my turn now?
-No. I go next.
-No. 'cause it's mine.
-You're always like this.
-I... go... next!
-Stop it!
This is serious archaeology.
Mother!
You'll never guess what...
Ow!
You!
What on earth
do you think you're doing?
Huh?
and not touch anything.
I gave you one job!
You great big nincom--
-Wait. What's that?
-Huh?
Oh. go on then.
Oh! A royal wedding ring.
Oh. yes!
What the--
Mm!
Aah!
The charioteer?
No. no. What happened?
The ring. Where's the ring?
It's gone!
It's disappeared!
Gah!
By the God Ra. this could
only be the work of...
Livings!
This will be the jewel
of my new exhibition.
Call the royal guard!
It's just a ring.
Buy another one.
It's the ring.
Don't you get it?
If I don't find it
they'll cut out my tongue
and scoop out my eyes.
The only way to get it back
is to go to...
the world of the living.
Really? Great!
What an adventure!
Adventure? It's dangerous!
Ahem! You're not alone.
You have a team.
There is no way
you are coming.
They are mummy robbers.
Listen. brother.
May the Gods protect us.
Sekhem!
It would reveal
our true nature
to the living.
-Look out!
-Whoa!
What was that?
A giant chariot.
But where are the horses?
Thut!
There! They've got the ring!
-Whoa!
-Nice one. Lord--
The ring! This will be easier
than I thought. Wait here.
Right now.
get that thing over there.
and shove it over there.
Right.
there's no space over there.
Sekhem!
What are you doing here?
Look! The ring is
in that other steel beast!
What do you mean?
Which other one?
Quickly!
The beasts are migrating!
Thut. come on!
Thut! Pull yourself up!
-What's
happened to you?
-Uh. this is going too fast.
No. Focus on your mission.
That's it.
thinking about the ring.
Should be nice and easy.
Hmm... This could
take a while.
Nothing.
It must be in
one of the other--
Someone's coming!
Quick. hide!
CARNABY CORP
THIS SIDE UP
WARNING - THIS DOOR IS
BLOCKED FROM THE INSIDE
-Go!
-Where are we?
Don't worry. Everything is
gonna be all right.
The sooner we find the ring.
the sooner we're home.
Quickly! No time to lose.
Shh! We're not alone.
Oh. what? You?
Ha-ha!
Whoa! Uh-oh!
-Princess!
-Help.
Huh?
Oh. Princess Nefer's here.
Wait a minute!
Princess Nefer?
Why are you here?
Uh. the question...
is why are you here?
Running away?
Thut runs from nobody!
He's the bravest.
Although. he did
lose the ring.
-Sekhem!
-Lost the ring?
No. but that's great!
Then we don't have to
get married!
-They're gonna take my eyes!
-But think:
Eyes... eternal marriage.
Come on!
They're not that nice.
You still got
four other senses.
They take my tongue. too.
Then you still have
three other senses.
Enough.
I don't wanna talk about it.
Let's get out of here.
Mm-mm.
It's locked from the outside.
We are stuck in here.
Oh. yeah?
That's what you think.
Watch and learn.
And I pass
into the afterlife!
-I win!
-Congrats. you beat a kid.
Nah. nah. nah-nah. nah!
Should I tell him?
Or you?
-You! You're his brother.
-You're the princess.
-So?
-And his fiancee.
Oh. come on.
that doesn't count!
Um. I'm not--
Agh! Hey!
Oh. sweet Mother of Horus.
That's the sea!
Oh.
well done. genius.
Well. excuse me. Princess.
Maybe we wouldn't be here
if you hadn't hit me with a--
Oh. come on.
would you relax?
If we escape now.
we'll be lost at sea.
We have to wait
until we get to land.
Croc. Shut up.
Croc!
Gah!
A princess who snores?
And I bet she farts.
That's it. Lower. lower.
Come on! Let's go.
We have to find the ring.
Uh!
Whoa-ho-ho!
-Ha-ha!
-Sekhem!
Oh. my Osiris.
What place is this?
Amun. I've never seen
anything like it.
-Babylon!
-No. this is way bigger.
There's only one power
that could surpass Egypt.
The Roman Empire!
Exactly. Guys.
we are in Rome.
TRADITIONAL
FISH & CHIPS
Hey. look at that!
-Give it here. Give it!
-No. I go next!
-You shut your cake hole!
-Careful!
Be quiet!
Just put it down. Now.
You stupid...
Mother!
Of course. Mother.
how could I forget?
Why didn't you idiots
remind me
I had tickets
to the theater today?
I'm on my way. Mummy.
To the theater.
Quick! Hide!
Uh...
Huh?
Yeah.
Oh. I love Romans!
What are those
light rays?
They're stealing our souls!
Me. too.
Ahem!
Ah! The Gods
are protecting us!
We're saved!
Look! They left
their weapons!
Come on.
Nothing can stop us.
Hm!
Sylvester! You're late.
But I don't mind
because you'll always be
my little one!
Oh. Mummy. please.
Not in public.
No. Mummy don't. please.
There. That's better.
Hey. what are you
doing here?
Ha-hah!
Step back. Roman!
Uh... Wha...
These weapons are useless!
Okay. okay.
Your Instagram stuff
is done.
The front door is
for the audience. honey.
Come on. here we go.
Stage door.
-Spit spot!
-Excuse me. Hey!
AIDA
A NEW MUSICAL
-What?
-Oh!
Whoa!
This is a strange
Egyptian colony.
Stay with me.
I'll protect you.
Hey. dears. hurry up!
No! Wait. We're looking
for Hathor's ring!
I demand that you tell me
where it is!
You're in character.
I like it.
Approved. Now go
and wait for your cue!
Oh! Uh... Hey.
-That one is such a diva.
-Oh. yes.
Um. does this colony
have a Pharaoh?
You're talking to him. honey.
Ready.
Hey. dears!
♪ That I command ♪
Oh! It's beautiful!
Dancers. on!
♪ My lovely Aida ♪
♪ Me. Radames
The great general of Egypt ♪
♪ I offer you my heart ♪
♪ Oh. great Radames ♪
♪ I'm so grateful
For your mercy... ♪
Uh. excuse me. we're looking
for Hathor's ring.
Anyone seen Hathor's ring?
♪ You are the source
and subject♪
♪ Of all my affection ♪
They sing instead of speak.
It's like their language.
This is amazing!
♪ You're the moon
to my ocean ♪
♪ Here is my present
It's the ring of love ♪
♪ Oh. great Radames
I'm sorry to interrupt you ♪
♪ But this ring is mine
This ring is mine ♪
Who is she?
♪ Return it to me. please ♪
♪ My eternal gratitude ♪
♪ Pledge my heart and soul
To you ♪
♪ Please give me back
My ring ♪
♪ Radames ♪
Uh. that's not in the script.
♪ You do not belong here
This is not your show ♪
♪ Who are you?
Where do you come from? ♪
Oh! Where did that voice
come from?
She's marvelous!
But she's not
in the program at all.
What a bungle.
Do you know her. Sylvester?
-Oh! Wake up!
-Huh?
What are you doing?
Asleep all the way through!
Of course.
Trying to steal
my song.
♪ You slave
Get back to your place ♪
Who do you think you are? ♪
♪ Show us some respect
Leave me alone with my love ♪
♪ I'm sorry. but it's mine
Give me the ring ♪
♪ Give me the ring
Oh. Radames ♪
♪ This is Aida's song
to sing ♪
♪ Why are you trying
To steal from me? ♪
That symbol... Impossible.
♪ I should probably go now ♪
♪ It's really time to leave
But I can't without this ring ♪
♪ This ring is mine ♪
♪ The ring is hers ♪
Ah!
♪ This ring is mine ♪
Oh! Incredible! Bravo!
That is the best staging
I have ever seen!
This isn't staged.
Aw. you like her.
I don't like her.
Did you see?
They gave me
a standing ovation!
Super! You got an ovation.
I got the ring.
Now. back to the After World.
Oh! Oh. look!
We can use
a human chariot.
Hmm.
Why isn't it moving?
Huh?
Look! The chariot's tied up!
Hey. guys!
Hi! I was looking for you.
I need to talk to her.
She's--
Thanks. but no thanks.
I heard you sing in there--
And how many does this have?
I don't really
do cars. but--
We have to run!
He wants the ring!
I'm here to help.
Get in!
What?
Sylvester!
Yes. Mother?
Please. excuse Thut.
He's just very. well...
Who are you?
I heard you sing in there
and I absolutely
loved your voice.
Uh. well.
the joke's on you. pal.
because I didn't even sing.
so. I don't know
what you were watching.
Not you. mate. Her.
Me? Yeah?
So I've got a song
I've wrote
Would you like
to sing it for me?
-Uh... Wow. I...
-Thanks. Ed.
She would love to.
Could you stop? Please?
Hey. hey. think about it.
and get me through Insta
or Facebook.
-Uh. where?
-Thanks! Bye!
Now. can we please focus
on returning home?
Uh...
I'm sorry about him.
Thank you for saving us.
Hey. if you need me.
you'll find me here.
Sure. Will do.
Ha!
Why don't you
give me a choice?
He has seen something
special in me. Thut.
A choice?
None of us have a choice.
We belong in the After World.
You are the Princess.
I have been dreaming
all my life
about what I want to do.
and that is singing.
I don't know
if I want to go back
and spend an eternity
bound to a...
To have my dreams dismissed.
-Um... technically. he didn't.
-What?
What do you mean.
"technically"?
It's not like he saw you
and chose you
or anything. Sorry...
Sekhem! You...
Beautiful boy!
Do you know
what this means?
I get to remain single!
And I don't have to
marry you!
Me. too!
Ugh!
Okay. let's find a boat
to go home.
We're running out of time.
Wow! It's a magic Stargate.
Maybe we can enter there.
And then home.
Sekhem. you're a genius.
I love it.
Oh. by the way.
This is for you.
Uh. hey. guys?
-This isn't the ring.
-Isn't the ring?
What do you mean
it isn't the ring?
Oh. my tongue and eyes
are still on the line here.
Look. I may not want
to spend eternity with you.
but even an ex-charioteer
doesn't deserve that.
Thank you. Princess.
That's very kind of you.
But we have to start again.
and time is running out.
We can't do anything now.
Ed's a nice guy.
He offered
to take us home.
Ed?
I'd rather sleep here.
Uh. hair? Wet? No way.
-Hey!
-Hi. Ed.
Uh. sure!
Yeah. Come on in.
-Thank you.
-Ooh!
Oh. nice... dog.
Ah!
-Hey. hey...
-Whoa!
So. would you sing
the song for me?
-Uh. yes.
-Yes!
You won't be sorry.
It's gonna be a hit!
Ooh. hear that?
It's gonna be a hit.
Ed. what's a hit?
Yes! Funny and beautiful.
Let's go to the studio.
Ooh! You look great. bro.
Whoo!
Yeah.
Don't get me wrong.
she has some
positive qualities.
She's determined.
strong. intelligent.
Maybe it wouldn't be so bad.
But. you know. She snores.
Uh. what's going on?
The singer
that ruined the play.
She was wearing a symbol.
-The same symbol
that is in the ring.
-So?
So the legend
behind the ring is true.
Oh!
She has come back
to get her ring.
And I have it.
What could be a more
amazing discovery
than an undiscovered
royal Egyptian ring?
Uh. two undiscovered
royal Egyptian rings!
Two? There are two? Amazing.
No. you morons!
I'm talking about
a living mummy!
Calling Mummy.
Sylvester!
Mummy? I can't talk now.
What? Don't you want to talk
to your mother?
Oh. no. no.
No. Mummy. it's not that.
We don't need the phone
because...
I'm right beside you!
I have made
the most important
archaeological discovery
of all time.
-Mm...
-I guarantee you.
the whole world
will now know the name
of Lord Sylvester Carnaby.
Why?
♪ No matter what time
No matter the place! ♪
♪ Rise and shine
It's a beautiful day! ♪
Morning. my star.
Morning. little bro.
dog and... you. too.
Listen. big day ahead of us.
I want to stream a video
of Nefer's performance.
Thoughts.
feelings and thoughts.
What say you guys?
Oh. yeah. great.
But we have things to do.
-Oh. come on.
-Cool.
Uh. well. we. uh...
lost our baggage.
Jeez. that happens to me
all the time when I fly.
You fly?
'Cause vintage is out.
and my star needs a new look.
Don't worry.
That means he likes you.
I don't know what's worse.
Freaky dog.
You need to feed that thing.
PARROTS
Whoa! Look!
Okay. Follow me!
-Thut!
-Look out. Thut! Over there!
-Mm?
-Look out!
-Thut!
Whoa! Whoa!
There! I don't think
anybody noticed us. do you?
Uh...
At least there won't be
any wedding night surprises.
Huh?
A little help here. please.
Ooh! There!
Hmm. Thanks!
No time to waste. Let's go.
Thut
Attention.
...that this store
will be closing
in five minutes.
From the sky!
It's Ra!
The voice of the Sun God.
Oh. Ra. God of the Sun.
God of Life. light our path!
What should we do. oh. Ra?
Please. kindly
finish your shopping...
-We have.
- ...and proceed
towards the exits.
As you command. oh. great Ra.
-Oh! That way!
-Oh. thank you. magnificent Ra!
Yeah! Lookin'... uh--
Yeah!
Listen. I've got the song
loaded up.
We're ready to stream
a live performance!
I've been promoting
through my Insta all afternoon.
Ed. we don't speak Latin.
They won't just hear you.
they're gonna see you as well.
-They'll see me?
-Of course. on the computer.
Will I fit in there?
No. not you!
It is a "streaming."
"Live Internet"?
You don't get it. dude.
You are going to slay.
Slay?
It means do a good job.
right bro?
I don't think
this is a good idea.
It's the first time someone
has ever asked me to sing.
-But. Nefer...
-Thut!
Time is running out.
Then make this decision.
I'll support you.
Wow. Thanks. Thut.
That means a lot.
Well. do your thing.
Gimme five! Up top! Hah!
Yeah!
♪ I'm afraid
I'm slipping away ♪
♪ I'm going to waste
I'm never gonna change ♪
♪ Don't wanna leave the world
The way that's it's now ♪
♪ I don't wanna miss any good ♪
♪ Chance to feel proud ♪
♪ Just raise your hands now ♪
♪ Just raise your hands
and sing ♪
♪ But you can't seize me ♪
♪ You can redeem me ♪
♪ You've got the keys
To free me ♪
♪ So don't delay ♪
♪ I'm today
As today's tomorrow ♪
The time you borrowed ♪
♪ I'm today the stars align ♪
♪ Don't pass me by ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm today
As today's tomorrow ♪
♪ I'm today
The time you borrowed ♪
♪ I'm today the stars align ♪
♪ Don't pass me by ♪
This mystery girl
The girl that shocked audiences
on the West End
has now revealed herself
to the world.
and she's not stopping there.
Reporting live from
the Commons at Knightsbridge.
I'm George Towers.
You know what?
Perhaps this is my place.
I've only been here a few days
and already my dreams
are coming true.
That's... really good...
for you.
Oh. come on. you'll be fine.
I gave you my word
We'll find it.
He's not like the rest.
Maybe we...
Come on. what am I saying?
I know. I know.
We're from two
different worlds. anyway.
Croc! It's Croc!
Something's wrong with him!
Nefer!
Nefer! No!
Where are they taking her?
I recognize those men.
We need to follow that chariot.
It belongs
to the Carnaby Museum.
How do you know that?
Are you in on this?
-Was this your plan all along?
-What? In on this?
The van belongs
to the Carnaby Museum.
It said it on the side!
I blame you for this. Ed.
So stay out of my way. got it?
I'll get to that museum.
I've got a princess to save.
You're crazy.
You'll never get in.
Their security is mental!
No. You stay here.
It's dangerous.
I'm your brother
and you will obey me.
Princess...
Princess Nefer.
So delightful to meet you.
Let me...
Let me go.
Unfortunately. I can't do that.
This morning is the opening
of my greatest exhibition yet.
Originally. the centerpiece
was going to be your ring.
But now... you.
You are my greatest discovery.
And when I reveal you
to the world.
yours won't be the only name
that goes down in history.
And if you thought your
little song made you famous.
wait until they find out
what you really are!
You can't do this.
-Thut will...
-I can see you!
He will come for me.
There you are!
Now... if you'll excuse me.
I've an exhibition to prepare.
THE CARNABY MUSEUM
Wait. this is all my stuff!
Wow. an entire section
dedicated to me.
"The treasures
of Thut the Fleet of Foot."
What a nickname!
Hmm?
One hundred-time
chariot racing champion?
What? It's 112 plus one.
Idiots.
Nefer?
Nefer!
Oh. no.
What have they done to you?
You look like humans.
but you're really
ancient Egyptian mummies.
-You!
-Welcome to your new home.
Not so fast!
Huh?
Look. bro. I can help.
Let's rescue the grumpy guy.
Ha...
I can't.
Oh. jeez. I'm in bad shape.
Don't worry.
You stay here. watching.
Hold it. I see a hawk.
Shh!
You sure this is okay. Danny?
Lord Carnaby said not to leave
the princess unattended.
We're the only ones
in the building.
Besides. how can we
protect the princess
on an empty stomach?
Uh. all right. Makes sense.
SNACKERS
Uh-oh. What have we done?
Hmm.
Umm... Ah-ha!
Perfect.
Thut?
You know what?
I think you're cute.
Thanks. You're pretty.
We've got
to get them out. quick!
I told you to keep watch
over the princess.
Sorry. Mr. Carnaby.
Then we got stuck
in the vending machine.
Mm-hmm.
Mm.
It's coming
from the exhibition.
It's the princess!
Don't just stand there.
you blithering idiots!
My... my chocky bar is...
Get the princess!
Are you okay?
Hey. Thut...
Sekhem is so... so hero-ish.
Thanks.
He learned it all from me.
Someone's been here.
Keep your eyes peeled.
It's them!
Quick. hide!
and I can stand
on my own two feet.
Huh?
What was that?
-Wha...
-Hm.
Did I tell you
that you're cute?
Yeah. I...
I feel very strongly that you--
Ew! They're kissing! Blech!
The ring!
No. She's escaped!
You fools! You imbeciles!
I give you one job...
Guys?
-Ha-ha!
-Hoo-hoo!
We escaped your little trap!
Now. we'll ruin
your special little
opening day.
Stop!
Ha!
-Go!
-Get them.
Hey!
Hah!
Come on!
Ha-hah!
Hey. look! Let's get that!
There they go! Quick!
Chariot driver.
drive the chariot!
Well. I've... never driven
a chariot like this.
I did! I can do it!
-Please!
-What. seriously. the kid?
-Go!
-Croc. buddy. get the pedals.
Ugh! Get the van! Get the van!
Where do I go?
Yeah! Ra is with us!
-Ra is a woman?
-Got a problem with that?
I'm obeying the rules
of the road.
-The speed limit is--
-Forget the speed limit.
Get out of the way. Let me.
Right. Here we go.
Croc. come on!
Slow down. slow down.
slow down. slow down!
You don't slow down in a chase!
Not slowing down
is the whole point!
Next stop.
Russell Square Station.
Final destination. South Bank.
Ra says to stop next!
Do what Ra says!
No. he says to stop
at the pier!
Don't worry. big brother.
He who dares wins!
Dies! We're gonna die!
They won't get away from me.
I want my mummy!
- Calling Mommy.
-I meant that mummy!
-No. I know...
Sylvester?
What are you doing?
Not now. Mother! I'm driving!
It's not safe to drive
and talk on the phone.
Croc!
Whoa!
I'll show you!
I can't shake him.
What do I do?
Thut!
See that ramp up ahead?
Drive right for it.
But that boat.
it's already leaving.
Then we'd better go faster.
Now! Turn and slam the brakes!
You made it! Way to go. boss!
Yeah. but the people
we were chasing are back there.
-Guess we can't get 'em now.
-Shut up. would you?
I will chase them to the end
of the world if necessary.
You haven't seen
the last of me!
Bye.
Yeah!
-We're safe!
-Well done!
You were great. Sekhem.
Thanks. big bro.
So. fancy explaining
why a chariot racer
is frightened of going fast?
Oh. that. Oh. well...
It's just that
I don't feel comfortable
driving a chariot
with no horses.
I don't trust what I can't see.
kissing you at the museum.
I just--
-Oh. yeah. I--
-I just wasn't think--
-And this dart--
-No. I'm sorry for that.
I mean. I'm also sorry
about the kissing.
Yeah. well. good. good. good.
that we can be honest
with each other.
Okay. mummies.
back to the After World.
Let's walk like Egyptians!
Yeah. We've only got two suns
before the curse falls.
and I lose my eyes and tongue.
I mean. you know. the usual.
Well. let's just
use the Stargate.
It's over there.
That's a Ferris Wheel.
Oh. so no time travel?
Just all the time...
at the same place.
Oh. Ra.
Unless flying like a falcon
is a thing in the human world.
we're finished.
Uh. yeah. wow!
-Um. she's gorgeous.
-Let me--
-Is that relevant?
-No. Wait.
Wait for it...
Yes!
Huh.
The God Horus?
Horus himself is gonna take us?
Wow!
Fly to Egypt
EGYPTAIR
Hours! Five hours!
-Perfect.
-Yes!
Whoo!
Well. I think it's time
for you to choose. Princess.
So...
Can you imagine
if we'd had to marry?
You and me? Huh!
We'd be like oil and water.
Totally.
But you know. I...
should probably thank you.
You were very brave.
charioteer.
Uh... No. Not at all.
In fact. I'm not actually
who you think I am.
I retired because I got scared.
And since then.
speed makes me panic.
So... no.
I'm not brave. Not at all.
If you weren't brave.
you wouldn't have
risked your life to rescue me.
You're braver
than you think. Thut.
Yeah. well... I don't know.
Give it here! Give it!
Look. just 'cause you
went to the posh school--
-So...
-You. uh...
Oh. Sorry. No. you...
Uh. well. I suppose...
it's goodbye. Princess.
Goodbye. charioteer.
Turn around.
Turn around. please.
I'm sorry. Father.
I was afraid that--
You can't imagine
how worried I have been.
A city of living mummies.
The legend lives.
Whoa!
It wasn't a legend after all.
Not after today. Danny.
Not after today.
He's Danny. I'm Dennys.
Do not ruin the moment.
Uh... where is the princess?
Princess? Heh!
Who needs a princess
when you can have a pharaoh?
Sire. they've managed
to infiltrate the city
using the metal beasts.
Take everybody to the shelter.
I'll deploy
the city's defenses.
Go with them.
Lord Carnaby requests
an audience with the Pharaoh.
They took away my exhibition.
They scoff at my name.
But I will show them
a living pharaoh.
Nefer. stay back!
This is my fault.
He followed me here.
This is my fight. too.
Thut! Thut!
He's here!
The one from the museum.
he's come!
We're under attack!
If he wants to come.
let him come.
It's that or an eternity
signing autographs. Alone.
Oh. come on!
The princess needs you!
She's got guards.
She needs the bravest
among us.
The supreme champion.
And that's you. "He who dares."
That's my older brother.
That's who I look up to
and idolize.
Stop feeling sorry for yourself
and go help her.
Father!
No... Father!
I don't believe it!
-You're not going anywhere.
-Whoa! Whoa!
Foolish child!
You won't get away with this!
You want to come too?
Pesky spoiled brat!
No.
-Thut!
-The Charioteer!
He's getting away!
Hyah!
Go. go. go!
Croc!
No!
Hyah!
Here we go.
Thut. what are you doing?
Thut!
Look out!
Thut. come on!
You can't let him get away!
You are not alone.
You have a team.
Thut! Not now. come on!
Snap out of it!
Thut! Wake up!
Thut! Wake up. I need you!
It's time to take the reins!
Get off me. boy!
I've got you now.
Thut!
No!
Now. you'll be my new trophy.
-Nefer!
-Thut!
I'll show you. mummy!
No. no. no. no. no!
I love you.
No. no. Thut!
Thut!
Nefer!
Father!
That's my older brother.
Young charioteer.
you saved my life.
You did it!
You overcame your fear. Thut!
No. it was you.
I've been running from fear
this whole time.
Whether it was fear
to race again
or fear to love somebody.
But instead...
Will you marry me?
Well. the Phoenix chose you.
so technically.
I'm duty-bound to marry you.
Yes. I will!
By the power vested
in me by the Goddess of love.
I pronounce you
wife and husband.
All the school kids
so sick of books
They like the punk
and the metal band
When the buzzer rings
Oh way oh
They're walking like
an Egyptian
All the kids
in the marketplace say
Way oh way oh
Walk like an Egyptian
It's about time
things changed...
I suppose.